Update faq.md (#1558)
ipfs/ipfs-docs: docs/concepts/faq.md

### Where can I see IPFS in action today?

> The [Ecosystem Directory](https://ecosystem.ipfs.tech/) is a good starting point to see the wide variety of projects that are using IPFS today. If you've built a project on top of IPFS or if your organization utilizes IPFS in a meaningful way, [you can submit it to be considered for inclusion in the directory](https://airtable.com/shrjwvk9pAeAk0Ci7).

Reviewer: Not at all a blocker to merging this, just some suggested rephrasings to align this more with the copy on https://ecosystem.ipfs.tech/

```suggestion
To learn more about projects and products built on IPFS, use the [Ecosystem Directory](https://ecosystem.ipfs.tech/), an interactive showcase of all things IPFS, filterable by industry, tooling, and other categories. If you've built a project on top of IPFS, or if your organization utilizes IPFS in a meaningful way, [you can submit information to be considered for inclusion in the directory](https://airtable.com/shrjwvk9pAeAk0Ci7).
```
